DEV.md, before:

## Integration tests

### Code checking commands

#### pre commit

`pre-commit install`: Will enable some checks that are run before each and every commit.

#### pre push

`npm run pre-push`: Checks a variety of code issues that one could run before pushing code to the code base.

### Checking objects and states for dev-server or integration test

```
/tmp/test-iobroker.gjsm/iob object get <id>
./.dev-server/default/iob object get <id>
```

### Adapter files won't update (e.g. on new integration test) runs

```
# With the rough club if nothing helps
npm cache clean --force
rm -R /tmp/test-...

# Rather filigree...
npm cache ls | grep gjsm | xargs npm cache clean
rm -R /tmp/test-iobroker.gjsm/node_modules/iobroker.gjsm

# clean start of dev-server
npm cache ls | grep gjsm | xargs npm cache clean && npm run build && dev-server upload && dev-server watch
```

### dev-server as integration test instance

`npm run devserver:preparation -- --profile=integration --reset_env=true`: Prepare a dev-server scenario for integration testing - incl. resetting the complete scenario.
`npm run devserver:preparation -- --db_only=true --profile=integration`: Prepare a dev-server scenario for integration testing - but only prepare the db.
`dev-server watch integration`: Start a watch mode server for the integration scenario.

## Pattern

### Catching errors

- in main.ts: For every call to components, heavy usage
- in main module gjsm: Most of the time for calls to dependant modules. Not really for internal calls as there should be error handling already. Catch errors and log/handle them or notify main.ts
- in dependent modules: More or less only to rethrow more specific errors that can be handled by gjsm

## Debugging

### Breakpoints don't hit

it could be the port 9229 is taken by other process on your computer like dev-server in another terminal...

Commit message:

test: Add UI testing capabilities (#72)

DEV.md, after:

## Integration tests

### Code checking commands

#### pre commit

`pre-commit install`: Will enable some checks that are run before each and every commit.

#### pre push

`npm run pre-push`: Checks a variety of code issues that one could run before pushing code to the code base.

### Checking objects and states for dev-server or integration test

```
/tmp/test-iobroker.gjsm/iob object get <id>
./.dev-server/default/iob object get <id>
```

### Adapter files won't update (e.g. on new integration test) runs

```
# With the rough club if nothing helps
npm cache clean --force
rm -R /tmp/test-...

# Rather filigree...
npm cache ls | grep gjsm | xargs npm cache clean
rm -R /tmp/test-iobroker.gjsm/node_modules/iobroker.gjsm

# clean start of dev-server
npm cache ls | grep gjsm | xargs npm cache clean && npm run build && dev-server upload && dev-server watch
```

### dev-server as integration test instance

`npm run devserver:preparation -- --profile=integration --reset_env=true`: Prepare a dev-server scenario for integration testing - incl. resetting the complete scenario.
`npm run devserver:preparation -- --db_only=true --profile=integration`: Prepare a dev-server scenario for integration testing - but only prepare the db.
`dev-server watch integration`: Start a watch mode server for the integration scenario.

### UI tests

`BROWSER=firefox npm run test:ui`: Run the UI tests with a specific browser

## Pattern

### Catching errors

- in main.ts: For every call to components, heavy usage
- in main module gjsm: Most of the time for calls to dependant modules. Not really for internal calls as there should be error handling already. Catch errors and log/handle them or notify main.ts
- in dependent modules: More or less only to rethrow more specific errors that can be handled by gjsm

## Debugging

### Breakpoints don't hit

it could be the port 9229 is taken by other process on your computer like dev-server in another terminal...
